hi my name is Julia and my guide on how
to kill a rock mom so since the Apple
three just came out I've been noticing a
lot of people have been having trouble
killing the sky with two people or solo
that's mostly because he cast a little
bling strike which just slices your face
off and kills you in one hit to avoid
that you want to make sure if you're a
demon hunter you have smoke screen I
don't know what I'm in spawns the other
classes have but Wizards have some sort
of ice shield thing just like and if you
have any kind of damage reduction
abilities or invisibility you want to
make sure you're using those for this
boss fight so normally he starts out by
casting his little Eric leads twice you
just want to make sure you avoid those
and then after he casts those air glades
he'll Sun his minions now it's after he
summons his minions is what you want to
look out for so look under his feet you
see that cloudy animation as soon as he
cast that it means he's gonna use his
blink strike and when you see him
charging that up you want to make sure
you use your smoke screen or any kind of
damage reduction ability to stop that so
you see that right there yeah just make
sure you use your ability other than
that this fight is pretty simple because
Lauren dodge the air leaves you want to
keep the minions and just shooting down
and that is all and always make sure
he's visible on your screen so you can
see me is he's a night blink strike cuz
you'll want to get hit by that yeah
other than that it's pretty simple just
kill ah yeah you use the second on
though you little cheater straight
shooting down and there you go and that
is how you kill him easy as pie
thanks for watching